Implement Ctrl-O for insert mode (#585)
asvetliakov/vscode-neovim: README.md

| -------------------------- | ---------------------------------------------------------------- | --------------------------------- |
| `CTRL-r [0-9a-z"%#*+:.-=]` | Paste from register                                              | Works                             |
| `CTRL-a`                   | Paste previous inserted content                                  | Works                             |

> | `CTRL-o`                   | Switch to normal mode for a single command, then back            | Works                             |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| <kbd>C-o</kbd>                              | Switch to normal mode for a single command, then back.            | Works                             |
```
